Whether it should be allowed to smoke in public places seems like a controversial topic. As far as I'm concerned, I'm approve of the opinion that smokers could be allowed to do it. Smoking is a personal freedom of choice,  which should be protected.
	As we all know, smoking indeed does harm to ourselves, it increase the risk for heart disease and pneumonia. There is no doubt that smokers are probably addicted to cigarettes, those who don't smoke think it's a waste of money to buy the cigarettes. It's widely recognized that smoking could lead to drugging. What's more, people who don't smoke regard smoking in public places as the lackness of the respect for them. Then people also hold the opinion that smoking could cause some  environment problems, such like the fire given rise to the blazing cigarettes and the air pollution.
	But only does the smoking has the wide harmfulness? Transgenic food also does harm to ourselves, as a result, it proves that many diseases are related to the transgenic food. The public have the opposite attitude for the transgenic food. Despite of the harmfulness, we plan the transgenic food for the huge profits from it, so we couldn't ban smoking for these reasons. On the one hand, the government charges for selling the cigarettes, and the tobacco tax accounts for a large proportion of the national tax. It's not reasonable to ban smoking completely in public places. On the other hand ,when it comes to the smokers, they would feel pain if they are not allowed to smoke in public places. Smoking is a relaxing way for them to kill time, and smoking gradually becomes one important part of their lives. Smokers think they can take a good relax through smoking and smoking could help reduce pressure. As the old proverb going, anything existing must be reasonable. Smoking in public places is accepted by some people while the most are opposed to it.
	Should we take the measures that forbid smoking in public places into act? I don't agree to make laws to ban smoking in public places. The legislation is made to protect the right of people. We couldn't deprive the right of the smokers for the benefit of the majority of the people. It's  unfair for those who smoke. The government should give smokers a right to smoking in the public places that are restricted. From the point of the view of the smokers, they should enjoy their right because smoking is not illegal.
	With the development of the society, the unreasonable lifestyle would disappear, if smoking in public places should not be permitted, the lifestyle and the custom would disappear with time elapsing. But time elapsed, smoking does not disappear, so I think smoking could be a normal lifestyle just like playing computer games for fun. As for the smokers, we should not regard them as persons with bad manners with the prejudice. 
